Validation: description-missing fixes. (#232)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/modules/venue-map-module/venuemapfactory-class.md

---
title: "Venue Maps Factory Class | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the Venue Maps factory class, which creates instances of the VenueMap class, and details its constructor and methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the Venue Maps factory class, which creates instances of the VenueMap class, and details its constructor and create method.
```
